So what do I need to get started?
So in this lesson,
we're going to set out certain tools when it comes to the use of CloudFormation.
Before I talk about the tools,
I'll tell you what CloudFormation is.
CloudFormation is a tool that we're going to use to be able to manage, configure,
and deploy the necessary infrastructure to do what we just discussed,
which is push code along with the necessary server configuration to make it run.
CloudFormation is a tool that is specific to Amazon Web Services,
and what we're going to do in this lesson is set up
a code editor because CloudFormation is a scripting language.
So we're going to have to write some code.
We're going to set up a co-editor,
ideally you want to Git support for version control,
is a best practice to use version control for any code that you write,
even if the code is infrastructure as code.
I know it's not software development per se,
but it is something that you're definitely going to want to
version control because the scripts for deployment,
they can get pretty complex.
So you want to be able to have the ability to
roll back a change if something bad happens,
if you make a deployment and it doesn't work as you intended to.
If you're using version control,
you have the option of rolling back,
and reverting that change quickly.
Before we get to that, we're going to have to create a user account, obviously.
You should have an Amazon Web Services account to go through this course.
Once in there, we're going to go ahead and create an IAM user
and this user is going to provide us with API or application programming interface axis.
This way we don't need to go to the console in AWS,
and type and point-and-click commands,
we're actually just going to send commands directly from our terminal,
which obviously, we can then automate in to a script.
Once we have those credentials,
we're going to configure the AWS CLI tool,
or command line interface tool with those credentials,
and we're going to be using US West 2.
I know it's very tempting to go to AWS and pick the region,
the geographical region that is closest to where you are in the world.
But in this case because of there are
certain features that may not be available in all regions,
we're going to try to be consistent and use US West 2,
that's the Oregon region in the United States for our course.
For the editor, I'm going to be using Visual Studio code.
I like this tool because it has internal version control and Git support,
and it also has support for
cloud formation and additional tools that will get to see in a moment because we need
an editor that can use JSON format which stands for JavaScript Object Notation format,
and YAML format which is a markup language,
and YAML, I believe,
stands for Yet Another Markup Language. Yeah, let's continue.